okay so it's me again I was just getting
ready to get out of here and looked at
my hair not really loving it and I
thought well I think I might put it I
like it when I wear it up John really
likes it when I wear it up too so I
thought I would do a quick hair tutorial
on how to put it up because there are a
few things I've noticed that make it
better okay the first thing is you have
to tease it I know a lot of people don't
want to tease their hair but in order to
get the right look you just have to and
the best comb I have ever found for
teasing is this little comb here it's
the crest
46:30 and I've seen them at Sally's I
bought mine where I used to get my hair
done but what I like to do is I know a
lot of people when they do like a
Brigitte Bardot they do more of the
booth back here and then they leave all
of this hanging out and you know if I
were going to like a party or something
I can see you know trying to do that but
for day-to-day I like to bring it a
little bit further up and so what I
usually do is take these pieces right
behind my bangs and they kind of see how
they kind of separate out already these
two heavier pieces and what they're
going to want to do at first you can't
get too much either the secret to teasin
is you have to get just a thin little
section at a time if you get too much
you don't get I don't want to let go of
this little group of hair here okay you
have to get just a little thin amount it
can't be too big of a bulky piece and my
hair already has some spray in it
because I had just sprayed it but see
how my hair is already wanting apart and
you want to try to get rid of that so
take your comb and you know tease it and
really tease it I mean don't don't worry
about it not I'll take a little bit more
over here don't worry about it looking
messy at this point you want it to and
even if you see like in those pictures
of Brigitte Bardot and stuff their hair
look hair looks messy that's part of the
okay and then if you want to go behind
it and grab just another little thin
section or slice of hair behind it
because that's what's going to give you
the and the staying power throughout the
day so then take your comb and really
work it and pull that hair down and
tease it like that I mean it should be
able to stand on its own like that okay
and then flip this part over
okay the mistake I was making at first
was I thought oh that looks so yucky
I wanted to smooth it out well then when
you go to smooth it out it takes away
all of your own so what I've been doing
is taking these pieces and you can if
you would like to grab more hair from
down here you can I kind of like leaving
most of it out and just going for that
true 60s type look or you could even
pull all of it back but I just like
leaving most of it out so take your
bobby pins and I like these little
blonde ones and and I think bobby pins
do the best because they I don't know
they boof it up but they keep it flat in
the back and I usually take two and
crisscross them that one harder for me
to do it with my left hand I'm not sure
how I usually do that
okay say crisscross them and then make
sure you've still got plenty of your
boof going like that and then I usually
just take my fingers and make sure yeah
that both of my pins are in there tight
okay this is the secret take some of
these pieces these pretty little bang
pieces and pull them back and it doesn't
have to be like in a straight line or
anything the Messier the better actually
and then maybe grab another little piece
over here some of these long pieces take
them and pull them back you can even I
usually do it a little piece and you
might want more than more pins than I'm
putting in here and I usually just take
one more pin
then pin those back on top of that SN C
now that gives you the pretty you know
smooth little section I don't think you
got in there okay so that gives you the
pretty smooth section over that T's in
it I think it even looks good when you
see a little bit of that teased in
between it and then you can take the end
of your comb and kind of separate it out
but what I like to do is keep it kind of
I don't know I like it kind of section
II I don't want it to be too fixed
looking and then spray it and this is
that healthy sexy hair this is a good
just all-around medium hair spray but it
I like that it doesn't take up or make
your hair like hard okay and then your
bangs I'll let you just spray them a
little bit and then kind of boo them up
a little bit and separate them out and
spray all over and it will just pretty
much last all day and that way I don't
know I just feel like it takes some of
that bulk off of my head now if you
wanted to you could take like even more
back but I don't know I like it all day
long I think it looks softer so I hope
that helped a little bit the main tip I
would say is to T's in small little
sections work closer up save some of
those fangs out and then pull them back
over a pin them and get them smooth and
the great thing about it is I will take
these out tonight and that teasing will
pretty much last until tomorrow I might
have to goof it up just a little bit
tease it up a little bit but see this
little piece right here you might want
to go back I could even take him to the
side anyway but she wanted theme and I
like that little impromptu hair tutorial
and I will see it real soon bye bye
you